REQUIREMENTS

The Restaurant Management System contains different of restaurants they have and they also offering to book a table for particular hour and they also provide the online payment to book an order.

There’s a range of benefits to having this technology in place at your hotel, mostly based around simplifying your life as a manager or staff member and speeding up a number of processes. They include:

No need for the front desk staff to process reservations – when guests can input their own reservation details through the systems everything happens automatically and your staff don’t need to worry.
With guests inputting their own details there’s less chance of the wrong data being entered. If something does go wrong you’ll have a record to prove it wasn’t your fault. A large amount of guest data can be captured by these systems, allowing you to improve both marketing and guest service
Better management and tracking of rewarding guests for their loyalty

FEATURES

1) In this Website user can able to see the locations of the Restaurant.
2) User Can also enter into the portal for his/her choice based on location.
3) They can able to see the menu.
4) They can Book a table.
5) Online Payment is available.
6) Customer Support is available for 24/7.

4W & 1H

What: It is a Online Restaurant Management System. It is used to see the locations where the restaurant is located and they can book a table. We are providing Customer support also.

When: 1) When we visits new places. 2) For Parties.

Where: When we visit new place we don't know where to go but we are hungry in that suitation it helps a lot.

Why: In that suitation it is hard to find we didn't even know the proper language. In that time it is very useful

How: Now a days every one using smartphone and internet as well. By this it will run easily

High Level Requirements
1) Associate every online booking with an account
2) Limit every account to a single user
3) Enable users to search and find the most relevant booking options
4) Accept date and time to check tables for that particular time
5) Booking confirmation should be sent to the specified contact details
6) Calculate and display charges and other utilities
7) Cancel bookings

Low Level Requirements
1) Use encryption to avoid bots from booking
2) Search results should populate within acceptable time limits
3) Users should be helped appropriately to fill in the mandatory fields, in case of invalid input
